TERRORISTS SNEAKING IN, BACK TO
YOU.
PAT: ALL RIGHT.
THANK YOU DAVE.
MOST PEOPLE HAVE TO PUT IN 8
HOURS OF WORK TO GET 8 HOURS OF
PAY.
RICK: NOT SO WITH SOME CITY OF
L.A. WORKERS WE CAUGHT WITH OUR
HIDDEN CAMERA, DAVID GOLDSTEIN
WITH THE STORY.
REPORTER: YOU KNOW SOURCES SAY
IT HAS BEEN GOING ON FOR YEARS,
FOR SOME.
NOW MOST PEOPLE HAVE CLOCK IN,
DON'T GET PAID UNLESS THEY PUT
IN A FULL DAY A WORK, BUT NOT
FOR SOME CITY OF L.A. EMPLOYEES
WE CAUGHT COMING TO WORK THEN
GOING HOME.
DAY AFTER DAY, HE WATCHED THIS
CITY OF L.A. EMPLOYEE ARRIVE AT
WORK.
THERE IS ADAM.
REPORTER: THEN JUST LEAVE FOR
HOME WITHIN TWO HOURS.
AM I REQUIRED TO TALK TO YOU.
REPORTER: AND OTHERS AS WELL.
YOU COME IN AT 6:30 AND LOAF AT LEAVE AT
8:00.
IS THIS AN AMBUSH.
REPORTER: THEY WORK OUT OF CITY
FOLLOWED, FULL TIME.
EMPLOYEES
PART OF A DRILLING CLUE THEY GET
SOIL SAMPLES FOR CITY MAINTAINS
WORK ON BRIDGES AND ROADS, PAUL
ADAMS, MAKES MORE THAN $100,000
OF TAXPAYER MONEY IN 2016, WE
WATCHED HIM COME TO WORK 6:30 IN
MORNING, LEAVE 8:15.
CROSSING STREET FOR LUNCH.
WE WATCHED HE PICKED UP
LUNCH.
THEN WENT LOOKING AT CAR PARTS
THEN WENT HOME.
ALL WHILE EARNING YOUR TAXPAYER
MONEY THAT IS BECAUSE HIS
OFFICIAL CITY TIME SHEET SHOWS
HE WORKED FOR 9 HOURS, WE SAW
HIM AT WORK ONLY AN HOUR AND 45
MINUTES.
ADAMS HERE IN TRUCK JUST LEFT
THE YARD.
REPORTER: A COUPLE WEEKS LATER,
WE SAW HIM LEAVE AT 8:00 A.M.,
HE WENT CHRISTMAS TREE SHOPPING
AT HOME DEPOT WITH HIS KIDS
COULD TOOK THEM TO LUNCH, THEN
WITHIN HOME, YOU PAID FOR IT HIS
CITY TIME SHEET THAT DAY SHOWS 8
HOURS WORK.
ADAMS GOING TO HIS TRUCK,.
WE SAW IT AGAINST WITH ADAMS,
AND WITH THIS MAN HOWARD.
HERE HE COMINGS.
A MATERIAL TESTING TECHNICIAN
FOR CITY MADE $90,000 IN
TAXPAYER MONEY IN 2016.
ON FRIDAY WE SAW HIM COME TO
WORK AT 7:15.
AND LEAVE ABOUT AN HOUR AND A
HALF LATER.
THERE IS THE VEHICLE IN THE
DRIVEWAY.
REPORTER: BY 930 HE WAS THE HOME
IN SYLMAR.
BUT HIS TIME SHEET SHOWS 8 HOURS
WORK, WE SAW HIM JUST ONE HOUR
AND 30 MINUTES.
VEHICLE RIGHT THERE.
ANOTHER TIME HE LEFT OFFICE
AFTER AN HOUR AND 6 MINUTES WE
FOLLOWED HIM TO POST OFFICE, HIS
HOUSE, MEDICAL FACILITY THEN
SOMEWHERE ELSE THEN HOME, BUT
TAX PAYERS MADE HIM FOR 9 HOURS
OF WORK, WE SAW HIM THERE ONLY
ONE HOUR AND 6 MINUTES.
MR. ROTH, DAVID GOLDSTEIN
WITH "CBS2 NEWS."
HOW ARE YOU.
GOOD.
REPORTER: AFTER THE PLEASANT
LEAHY DID NOT -- HE DID NOT HAVE
A LOT TO SAY.
CAN YOU TELL ME WHY YOU SHOW
UP FOR WORK AND LEAVE FOR AN
HOUR.
I DON'T HAVE ANSWER.
REPORTER: HE DENIED PUTTING IN
FOR A FULL DAY'S PAY.
REMEMBER HIS TIME SHEET.
I AM DAVID GOLDSTEIN WITH
"CBS2 NEWS."
ADAMS CLAIMS HE IS ALLOWED TO
LEAAFTER A FEW HOURS EVEN THOUGH HE
COLLECTS A FULL'S DAY PAY.
I WAS RELEASED SUPERINTENDENT
LET ME GO.
WE HAVE WATCHED YOU, THEY LET
YOU GO EVERY DAY?
YOU HAVE TO TALK TO HIM.
I AM DAVID GOLDSTEIN WITH
"CBS2 NEWS."
THE SUPERINTENDENT ARE NOT
TALKING EITHER.
IS THAT NORMAL?
NO COMMENT, SIR, YOU CAN TALK
TO OUR GENERAL MANAGER.
I AM TALKING TO YOU, YOU ARE
THE SUPERVISOR DO YOU NORMALLY
RELEASE CITY EMPLOYEES AFTER A
HOURS OF WORK.
NO COMMENT.
REPORTER: AFTER WE KEPT
QUESTIONING ADAMS HE CHANGED HIS
TUNE.
TAKING VACATION TIME.
WHY DO YOU GO IN MORNING.
HALF DAY.
HAPPY NEW YEAR.
REPORTER:
AFTER THEY FOUND OUT WHAT DAYS
WE WERE WATCHING
IN FOR A FEW HOURS OF VACATION
TIME ON SOME OF THOSE DAYS, WE
WANT TO ANSWER CITY OFFICIALS
THEY REFUSED TO COME, THEY SAY